Enable passing argument to line magic `%reload_kedro` (#1789)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tools_integration/ipython.md

```

```{note}
If you want to pass arguments to the `reload_kedro` line magic, e.g. to specify a configuration environment. You can provide extra keyword arguments like this:

> `%reload_kedro <path_to_project_root> --env=<env>`

Reviewer: I think it would be good to also include an example of how to pass `extra_params`, because users might otherwise not be able to find out that's a possible argument as well.

Reviewer 2: I also wonder if we should print this to user when the extension initialises

> If you want to pass arguments to the `reload_kedro` line magic, e.g. to specify a configuration environment. You can provide extra keyword arguments like this:
> `%reload_kedro <path_to_project_root> --env=<env> --extra_params=<extra_params_dict>`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`%reload_kedro` accepts optional keyword arguments `env` and `extra_params`. For example, to use configuration environment `prod` you should run `%reload_kedro --env=prod`. For more details, run `%reload_kedro?`.
```
